Add optional Orbit MPMC comparison benchmark (#7171)
STEllAR-GROUP/hpx: libs/core/synchronization/tests/performance/CMakeLists.txt

               channel_spsc_throughput
)

> set(HPX_WITH_ORBIT_ROOT

Reviewer: You can use `hpx_option` for this purpose.

Author: okay sir

               channel_spsc_throughput
)

> hpx_option(
>   HPX_WITH_ORBIT_ROOT
>   STRING
>   "Path to a local checkout of austin-hill/orbit used for optional synchronization comparison benchmarks."
>   ""
>   ADVANCED
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hpx_option(
  HPX_WITH_ORBIT_ROOT
  BOOL
  "Path to a local checkout of austin-hill/orbit used for optional synchronization comparison benchmarks."
  OFF
  ADVANCED
)
```

  )

endforeach()

if(HPX_WITH_ORBIT_ROOT)

>   if(EXISTS "${HPX_WITH_ORBIT_ROOT}/include/orbit/mpmc_queue.h")

Reviewer: Please add a comment here where the Orbit library can be found.
